AI Bollywood Script Generator

The user gives a normal real-world situation and the system transforms it into a dramatic
Bollywood/Hollywood movie scene with multiple scenes.

Exp:
1. Fight between two founders over putting sugar in coffee
2. Claude Mythos (robot form) entering a AI conference to fight with Sam Alman and Elon Musk

 The goal is: "Turn ordinary situations into absurd Bollywood-level drama. "

> You are encouraged to make the experience fun, dramatic, and
over-engineered.

Feature List

Mandatory features
     Situation input and showing output on a scene level
     A LLM agent or multi agents which does this.
               Movie title
               Tagline
               Script with multiple scenes
     For every scene there should be a dialogue and scene description and scene index
     Proper Error handing
     Responsive UI
     Showing past generated history (Store it locally)

Bonus Features (optional)
     Show characters cards
               Name, role, descriptions etc
     Scene Mood Selection
               A dropdown to select the mood for the drama.
     Regenerate Specific Section
               Able to regenerate scenes, title etc
     Share a drama card,
               A sharable public link for this generate drama

Evaluation Metrics

    1. Engineering (code, api, reusable component etc stuff )
              a. You can use any coding agent. But you should be able to explain and navigate
                   the code without the agent also.

              b. It is recommended to have frontend and backend design and not everything in
                   frontend, even if you decide to put agent in the frontend have proper code
                   separation

    2. AI Engineering
              a. Prompt engineering
              b. Structured output
              c. Agent handing

    3. UX/Product Thinking
              a. Your creative angle

Expected to be completed in 6-8 hours (with coding agent antigravity/ cursor/ claude/
codex)

Submission

Email the github repo link and the demo video link to sumeet@deepshorts.ai
Subject title: Assignment submission

NOTE: Make sure the repo and the video link are publicly accessible.

Code Submission

     A single public github project link with the complete working compilable code
     The project should be properly structured
     Should have readme with setup, running locally steps clearly mentioned.

Demo video

     A working demo video < 3 min
     If you use any AI for design or code or any assets generation, it is recommended that

         you describe your approach on using the AI.

AI usages

     You can use grok or openrouter for the demo, they have free credits .
               https://openrouter.ai/openai/gpt-oss-120b:free
               https://openrouter.ai/nvidia/nemotron-3-super-120b-a12b:free
               https://openrouter.ai/google/gemma-4-31b-it:free

     DO NOT COMMIT any keys into the repository. Instead have a .env.example with
         dummy keys for us to run this project locally.
